Added instructions on magneto-coding-standard execution and configuration for PHPStorm (#48)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: src/pages/coding-standards/index.md

> Like many large projects, Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source coding standards. Use the coding standards when you contribute to the codebase or create extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like many large projects, Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source have coding standards. Use the coding standards when you contribute to the codebase or create extensions.
```

Reviewer: I know you didn't change this line, but it would be good to add this update.

## Ensuring the code is compliant

> Magento Coding Standard inspection can be performed using Magento2 PHP_CodeSniffer standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can perform Magento Coding Standard inspection with the Magento2 PHP_CodeSniffer standard.
```

> To execute the inspection from the command line run the following command from the project root:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute the inspection from the command line, run the following command from the project root:
```

```bash
vendor/bin/phpcs --standard=Magento2 <path to inspect>
```

> To include Magento Coding Standard as part of PHPStorm inspections follow the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include the Magento Coding Standard as part of PHPStorm inspections:
```

- Open PHPStorm preferences
- Navigate to "Editor" | "Inspections"
- Select "PHP" | "Quality Tools" | "PHP_CodeSniffer validation"

> - Set "Coding standard" to "Custom" and select path to `<project_root>/vendor/magento/magento-coding-standard/Magento2/ruleset.xml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set "Coding standard" to "Custom" and select the path to `<project_root>/vendor/magento/magento-coding-standard/Magento2/ruleset.xml`
```

> - Check "Installed standards path" and select path to `<project_root>/vendor/php-compatibility/PHPCompatibility`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check "Installed standards path" and select the path to `<project_root>/vendor/php-compatibility/PHPCompatibility`
```

## Contributing

> Magento coding standard is created and maintained by all the Magento community! See the [Contribution guide](contributing.md) if you'd like to participate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Magento Coding Standard is created and maintained by the Magento community! See the [Contribution guide](contributing.md) if you'd like to participate.
```
